In the previous video, we introduced the concept of hashing.
Now, let's get into what hashing really means.
In simple terms, a hash is a one-way function that is used to generate a string,
or hash, from a given message.
It simply means that it is something that is impossible to construct from the input.
Now, for example, multiplication of two large prime numbers,
it is a one-way function because it is easy to compute,
but hard to invert,
as the inverse involves factoring.
Now, let's say that you store the hashed value off the password.
So even if somebody has access to your database,
what they can only see is the hash value,
but not the actual password.
So they do not have enough to authenticate.